---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "solacebroker_about_user Data Source - solacebroker"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource is not supported in production by Solace in this version, see provider limitations.
  Session and access level information about the user accessing the SEMP API.
  A SEMP client authorized with a minimum access scope/level of "global/none" is required to perform this operation.
  This has been available since SEMP API version 2.4.
---

# solacebroker_about_user (Data Source)

> This resource is not supported in production by Solace in this version, see [provider limitations](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/solaceproducts/solacebrokerappliance/latest/docs#limitations).

Session and access level information about the user accessing the SEMP API.



A SEMP client authorized with a minimum access scope/level of "global/none" is required to perform this operation.

This has been available since SEMP API version 2.4.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `global_access_level` (String) The global access level of the User. The allowed values and their meaning are:

<pre>
"admin" - Full administrative access.
"none" - No access.
"read-only" - Read only access.
"read-write" - Read and write access.
</pre>
- `session_active` (Boolean) Indicates whether a session is active for this request. Available since SEMP API version 2.24.
- `session_create_time` (Number) The timestamp of when the session was created. This attribute may not be returned in a GET. This value represents the number of seconds since 1970-01-01 00:00:00 UTC (Unix time). Available since SEMP API version 2.21.
- `session_current_time` (Number) The current server timestamp. This is provided as a reference point for the other timestamps provided. This attribute may not be returned in a GET. This value represents the number of seconds since 1970-01-01 00:00:00 UTC (Unix time). Available since SEMP API version 2.21.
- `session_hard_expiry_time` (Number) The hard expiry time for the session. After this time the session will be invalid, regardless of activity. This attribute may not be returned in a GET. This value represents the number of seconds since 1970-01-01 00:00:00 UTC (Unix time). Available since SEMP API version 2.21.
- `session_id` (String) An identifier for the session to differentiate this session from other sessions for the same user. This value is not guaranteed to be unique between active sessions for different users. This attribute may not be returned in a GET. Available since SEMP API version 2.21.
- `session_idle_expiry_time` (Number) The session idle expiry time. After this time the session will be invalid if there has been no activity. This attribute may not be returned in a GET. This value represents the number of seconds since 1970-01-01 00:00:00 UTC (Unix time). Available since SEMP API version 2.21.
- `username` (String) The username of the User. Available since SEMP API version 2.21.
