---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "solacebroker_msg_vpn_distributed_cache Data Source - solacebroker"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A Distributed Cache is a collection of one or more Cache Clusters that belong to the same Message VPN. Each Cache Cluster in a Distributed Cache is configured to subscribe to a different set of topics. This effectively divides up the configured topic space, to provide scaling to very large topic spaces or very high cached message throughput.
  The minimum access scope/level required to perform this operation is "vpn/read-only".
  This has been available since SEMP API version 2.11.
---

# solacebroker_msg_vpn_distributed_cache (Data Source)

A Distributed Cache is a collection of one or more Cache Clusters that belong to the same Message VPN. Each Cache Cluster in a Distributed Cache is configured to subscribe to a different set of topics. This effectively divides up the configured topic space, to provide scaling to very large topic spaces or very high cached message throughput.



The minimum access scope/level required to perform this operation is "vpn/read-only".

This has been available since SEMP API version 2.11.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cache_name` (String) The name of the Distributed Cache.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only".
- `msg_vpn_name` (String) The name of the Message VPN.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only".

### Read-Only

- `cache_virtual_router` (String) The virtual router of the Distributed Cache.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The default value is `"auto"`. The allowed values and their meaning are:

<pre>
"primary" - The Distributed Cache is used for the primary virtual router.
"backup" - The Distributed Cache is used for the backup virtual router.
"auto" - The Distributed Cache is automatically assigned a virtual router at creation, depending on the broker's active-standby role.
</pre>
 Available since SEMP API version 2.28.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable or disable the Distributed Cache.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `false`.
- `heartbeat` (Number) The heartbeat interval, in seconds, used by the Cache Instances to monitor connectivity with the message broker.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `10`.
- `scheduled_delete_msg_day_list` (String) The scheduled delete message day(s), specified as "daily" or a comma-separated list of days. Days must be specified as "Sun", "Mon", "Tue", "Wed", "Thu", "Fri", or "Sat", with no spaces, and in sorted order from Sunday to Saturday. The empty-string ("") can also be specified, indicating no schedule is configured ("scheduled_delete_msg_time_list" must also be configured to the empty-string).

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `""`.
- `scheduled_delete_msg_time_list` (String) The scheduled delete message time(s), specified as "hourly" or a comma-separated list of 24-hour times in the form hh:mm, or h:mm. There must be no spaces, and times (up to 4) must be in sorted order from 0:00 to 23:59. The empty-string ("") can also be specified, indicating no schedule is configured ("scheduled_delete_msg_day_list" must also be configured to the empty-string).

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `""`.
