---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "solacebroker_msg_vpn_queue Data Source - solacebroker"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A Queue acts as both a destination that clients can publish messages to, and as an endpoint that clients can bind consumers to and consume messages from.
  The minimum access scope/level required to perform this operation is "vpn/read-only".
  This has been available since SEMP API version 2.0.
---

# solacebroker_msg_vpn_queue (Data Source)

A Queue acts as both a destination that clients can publish messages to, and as an endpoint that clients can bind consumers to and consume messages from.



The minimum access scope/level required to perform this operation is "vpn/read-only".

This has been available since SEMP API version 2.0.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `msg_vpn_name` (String) The name of the Message VPN.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only".
- `queue_name` (String) The name of the Queue.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only".

### Read-Only

- `access_type` (String) The access type for delivering messages to consumer flows bound to the Queue.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as egress_enabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `"exclusive"`. The allowed values and their meaning are:

<pre>
"exclusive" - Exclusive delivery of messages to the first bound consumer flow.
"non-exclusive" - Non-exclusive delivery of messages to bound consumer flows in a round-robin (if partition count is zero) or partitioned (if partition count is non-zero) fashion.
</pre>
- `consumer_ack_propagation_enabled` (Boolean) Enable or disable the propagation of consumer acknowledgments (ACKs) received on the active replication Message VPN to the standby replication Message VPN.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `true`.
- `dead_msg_queue` (String) The name of the Dead Message Queue (DMQ) used by the Queue.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `"#DEAD_MSG_QUEUE"`.
- `delivery_count_enabled` (Boolean) Enable or disable the ability for client applications to query the message delivery count of messages received from the Queue. This is a controlled availability feature. Please contact support to find out if this feature is supported for your use case.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `false`. Available since SEMP API version 2.19.
- `delivery_delay` (Number) The delay, in seconds, to apply to messages arriving on the Queue before the messages are eligible for delivery.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `0`. Available since SEMP API version 2.22.
- `egress_enabled` (Boolean) Enable or disable the transmission of messages from the Queue.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `false`.
- `event_bind_count_threshold` (Attributes) The thresholds for the Queue consumer flows event, relative to `max_bind_count`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--event_bind_count_threshold))
- `event_msg_spool_usage_threshold` (Attributes) The thresholds for the message spool usage event of the Queue, relative to `max_msg_spool_usage`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--event_msg_spool_usage_threshold))
- `event_reject_low_priority_msg_limit_threshold` (Attributes) The thresholds for the maximum allowed number of any priority messages queued in the Queue event, relative to `reject_low_priority_msg_limit`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--event_reject_low_priority_msg_limit_threshold))
- `ingress_enabled` (Boolean) Enable or disable the reception of messages to the Queue.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `false`.
- `max_bind_count` (Number) The maximum number of consumer flows that can bind to the Queue.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `1000`.
- `max_delivered_unacked_msgs_per_flow` (Number) The maximum number of messages delivered but not acknowledged per flow for the Queue.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `10000`.
- `max_msg_size` (Number) The maximum message size allowed in the Queue, in bytes (B).

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `10000000`.
- `max_msg_spool_usage` (Number) The maximum message spool usage allowed by the Queue, in megabytes (MB). A value of 0 only allows spooling of the last message received and disables quota checking.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `5000`.
- `max_redelivery_count` (Number) The maximum number of times the Queue will attempt redelivery of a message prior to it being discarded or moved to the DMQ. A value of 0 means to retry forever.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `0`.
- `max_ttl` (Number) The maximum time in seconds a message can stay in the Queue when `respect_ttl_enabled` is `"true"`. A message expires when the lesser of the sender assigned time-to-live (TTL) in the message and the `max_ttl` configured for the Queue, is exceeded. A value of 0 disables expiry.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `0`.
- `owner` (String) The Client Username that owns the Queue and has permission equivalent to `"delete"`.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as egress_enabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `""`.
- `partition_count` (Number) The count of partitions of the queue. Only relevant for queues with an access type of non-exclusive. When zero, bound clients receive messages round-robin. Otherwise, bound clients receive messages from individually assigned partitions.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `0`. Available since SEMP API version 2.35.
- `partition_rebalance_delay` (Number) The delay (in seconds) before a partition rebalance is started once needed.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `5`. Available since SEMP API version 2.35.
- `partition_rebalance_max_handoff_time` (Number) The maximum time (in seconds) to wait before handing off a partition while rebalancing.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `3`. Available since SEMP API version 2.35.
- `permission` (String) The permission level for all consumers of the Queue, excluding the owner.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as egress_enabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `"no-access"`. The allowed values and their meaning are:

<pre>
"no-access" - Disallows all access.
"read-only" - Read-only access to the messages.
"consume" - Consume (read and remove) messages.
"modify-topic" - Consume messages or modify the topic/selector.
"delete" - Consume messages, modify the topic/selector or delete the Client created endpoint altogether.
</pre>
- `redelivery_delay_enabled` (Boolean) Enable or disable a message redelivery delay. When false, messages are redelivered as soon as possible.  When true, messages are redelivered according to the initial, max and multiplier.  This should only be enabled when redelivery is enabled.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as egress_enabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `false`. Available since SEMP API version 2.33.
- `redelivery_delay_initial_interval` (Number) The delay to be used between the first 2 redelivery attempts.  This value is in milliseconds.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as egress_enabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `1000`. Available since SEMP API version 2.33.
- `redelivery_delay_max_interval` (Number) The maximum delay to be used between any 2 redelivery attempts.  This value is in milliseconds.  Due to technical limitations, some redelivery attempt delays may slightly exceed this value.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as egress_enabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `64000`. Available since SEMP API version 2.33.
- `redelivery_delay_multiplier` (Number) The amount each delay interval is multiplied by after each failed delivery attempt.  This number is in a fixed-point decimal format in which you must divide by 100 to get the floating point value. For example, a value of 125 would cause the delay to be multiplied by 1.25.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as egress_enabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `200`. Available since SEMP API version 2.33.
- `redelivery_enabled` (Boolean) Enable or disable message redelivery. When enabled, the number of redelivery attempts is controlled by max_redelivery_count. When disabled, the message will never be delivered from the queue more than once.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `true`. Available since SEMP API version 2.18.
- `reject_low_priority_msg_enabled` (Boolean) Enable or disable the checking of low priority messages against the `reject_low_priority_msg_limit`. This may only be enabled if `reject_msg_to_sender_on_discard_behavior` does not have a value of `"never"`.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `false`.
- `reject_low_priority_msg_limit` (Number) The number of messages of any priority in the Queue above which low priority messages are not admitted but higher priority messages are allowed.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `0`.
- `reject_msg_to_sender_on_discard_behavior` (String) Determines when to return negative acknowledgments (NACKs) to sending clients on message discards. Note that NACKs cause the message to not be delivered to any destination and Transacted Session commits to fail.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as reject_low_priority_msg_enabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `"when-queue-enabled"`. The allowed values and their meaning are:

<pre>
"never" - Silently discard messages.
"when-queue-enabled" - NACK each message discard back to the client, except messages that are discarded because an endpoint is administratively disabled.
"always" - NACK each message discard back to the client, including messages that are discarded because an endpoint is administratively disabled.
</pre>
- `respect_msg_priority_enabled` (Boolean) Enable or disable the respecting of message priority. When enabled, messages contained in the Queue are delivered in priority order, from 9 (highest) to 0 (lowest). Regardless of this setting, message priority is not respected when browsing the queue, when the queue is used by a bridge, or if the queue is partitioned.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as egress_enabled and ingress_enabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `false`. Available since SEMP API version 2.8.
- `respect_ttl_enabled` (Boolean) Enable or disable the respecting of the time-to-live (TTL) for messages in the Queue. When enabled, expired messages are discarded or moved to the DMQ.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `false`.

<a id="nestedatt--event_bind_count_threshold"></a>
### Nested Schema for `event_bind_count_threshold`

Read-Only:

- `clear_percent` (Number) The clear threshold for the value of this counter as a percentage of its maximum value. Falling below this value will trigger a corresponding event.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". This attribute may not be returned in a GET. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `60`.
- `clear_value` (Number) The clear threshold for the absolute value of this counter. Falling below this value will trigger a corresponding event.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". This attribute may not be returned in a GET. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default is not applicable.
- `set_percent` (Number) The set threshold for the value of this counter as a percentage of its maximum value. Exceeding this value will trigger a corresponding event.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". This attribute may not be returned in a GET. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `80`.
- `set_value` (Number) The set threshold for the absolute value of this counter. Exceeding this value will trigger a corresponding event.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". This attribute may not be returned in a GET. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default is not applicable.


<a id="nestedatt--event_msg_spool_usage_threshold"></a>
### Nested Schema for `event_msg_spool_usage_threshold`

Read-Only:

- `clear_percent` (Number) The clear threshold for the value of this counter as a percentage of its maximum value. Falling below this value will trigger a corresponding event.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". This attribute may not be returned in a GET. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `18`.
- `clear_value` (Number) The clear threshold for the absolute value of this counter. Falling below this value will trigger a corresponding event.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". This attribute may not be returned in a GET. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default is not applicable.
- `set_percent` (Number) The set threshold for the value of this counter as a percentage of its maximum value. Exceeding this value will trigger a corresponding event.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". This attribute may not be returned in a GET. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `25`.
- `set_value` (Number) The set threshold for the absolute value of this counter. Exceeding this value will trigger a corresponding event.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". This attribute may not be returned in a GET. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default is not applicable.


<a id="nestedatt--event_reject_low_priority_msg_limit_threshold"></a>
### Nested Schema for `event_reject_low_priority_msg_limit_threshold`

Read-Only:

- `clear_percent` (Number) The clear threshold for the value of this counter as a percentage of its maximum value. Falling below this value will trigger a corresponding event.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". This attribute may not be returned in a GET. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `60`.
- `clear_value` (Number) The clear threshold for the absolute value of this counter. Falling below this value will trigger a corresponding event.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". This attribute may not be returned in a GET. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default is not applicable.
- `set_percent` (Number) The set threshold for the value of this counter as a percentage of its maximum value. Exceeding this value will trigger a corresponding event.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". This attribute may not be returned in a GET. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `80`.
- `set_value` (Number) The set threshold for the absolute value of this counter. Exceeding this value will trigger a corresponding event.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". This attribute may not be returned in a GET. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default is not applicable.
