---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "solacebroker_msg_vpn_mqtt_retain_cache Data Source - solacebroker"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Using MQTT retained messages allows publishing MQTT clients to indicate that a message must be stored for later delivery to subscribing clients when those subscribing clients add subscriptions matching the retained message's topic. An MQTT Retain Cache processes all retained messages for a Message VPN.
  The minimum access scope/level required to perform this operation is "vpn/read-only".
  This has been available since SEMP API version 2.11.
---

# solacebroker_msg_vpn_mqtt_retain_cache (Data Source)

Using MQTT retained messages allows publishing MQTT clients to indicate that a message must be stored for later delivery to subscribing clients when those subscribing clients add subscriptions matching the retained message's topic. An MQTT Retain Cache processes all retained messages for a Message VPN.



The minimum access scope/level required to perform this operation is "vpn/read-only".

This has been available since SEMP API version 2.11.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cache_name` (String) The name of the MQTT Retain Cache.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only".
- `msg_vpn_name` (String) The name of the Message VPN.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only".

### Read-Only

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable or disable this MQTT Retain Cache. When the cache is disabled, neither retain messages nor retain requests will be delivered by the cache. However, live retain messages will continue to be delivered to currently connected MQTT clients.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `false`.
- `msg_lifetime` (Number) The message lifetime, in seconds. If a message remains cached for the duration of its lifetime, the cache will remove the message. A lifetime of 0 results in the message being retained indefinitely, otherwise it must be 3 seconds or more.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `0`.
