---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "solacebroker_msg_vpn_queue_template Data Source - solacebroker"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A Queue Template provides a mechanism for specifying the initial state for client created queues.
  The minimum access scope/level required to perform this operation is "vpn/read-only".
  This has been available since SEMP API version 2.14.
---

# solacebroker_msg_vpn_queue_template (Data Source)

A Queue Template provides a mechanism for specifying the initial state for client created queues.



The minimum access scope/level required to perform this operation is "vpn/read-only".

This has been available since SEMP API version 2.14.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `msg_vpn_name` (String) The name of the Message VPN.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only".
- `queue_template_name` (String) The name of the Queue Template.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only".

### Read-Only

- `access_type` (String) The access type for delivering messages to consumer flows.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `"exclusive"`. The allowed values and their meaning are:

<pre>
"exclusive" - Exclusive delivery of messages to the first bound consumer flow.
"non-exclusive" - Non-exclusive delivery of messages to bound consumer flows in a round-robin (if partition count is zero) or partitioned (if partition count is non-zero) fashion.
</pre>
- `consumer_ack_propagation_enabled` (Boolean) Enable or disable the propagation of consumer acknowledgments (ACKs) received on the active replication Message VPN to the standby replication Message VPN.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `true`.
- `dead_msg_queue` (String) The name of the Dead Message Queue (DMQ).

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `"#DEAD_MSG_QUEUE"`.
- `delivery_delay` (Number) The delay, in seconds, to apply to messages arriving on the Queue before the messages are eligible for delivery. This attribute does not apply to MQTT queues created from this template, but it may apply in future releases. Therefore, to maintain forward compatibility, do not set this value on templates that might be used for MQTT queues.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `0`. Available since SEMP API version 2.22.
- `durability_override` (String) Controls the durability of queues created from this template. If non-durable, the created queue will be non-durable, regardless of the specified durability. If none, the created queue will have the requested durability.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `"none"`. The allowed values and their meaning are:

<pre>
"none" - The durability of the endpoint will be as requested on create.
"non-durable" - The durability of the created queue will be non-durable, regardless of what was requested.
</pre>
- `event_bind_count_threshold` (Attributes) The thresholds for the Queue consumer flows event, relative to `max_bind_count`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--event_bind_count_threshold))
- `event_msg_spool_usage_threshold` (Attributes) The thresholds for the message spool usage event of the Queue, relative to `max_msg_spool_usage`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--event_msg_spool_usage_threshold))
- `event_reject_low_priority_msg_limit_threshold` (Attributes) The thresholds for the maximum allowed number of any priority messages queued in the Queue event, relative to `reject_low_priority_msg_limit`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--event_reject_low_priority_msg_limit_threshold))
- `max_bind_count` (Number) The maximum number of consumer flows that can bind.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `1000`.
- `max_delivered_unacked_msgs_per_flow` (Number) The maximum number of messages delivered but not acknowledged per flow.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `10000`.
- `max_msg_size` (Number) The maximum message size allowed, in bytes (B).

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `10000000`.
- `max_msg_spool_usage` (Number) The maximum message spool usage allowed, in megabytes (MB). A value of 0 only allows spooling of the last message received and disables quota checking.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `5000`.
- `max_redelivery_count` (Number) The maximum number of message redelivery attempts that will occur prior to the message being discarded or moved to the DMQ. A value of 0 means to retry forever.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `0`.
- `max_ttl` (Number) The maximum time in seconds a message can stay in a Queue when `respect_ttl_enabled` is `"true"`. A message expires when the lesser of the sender assigned time-to-live (TTL) in the message and the `max_ttl` configured for the Queue, is exceeded. A value of 0 disables expiry.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `0`.
- `permission` (String) The permission level for all consumers, excluding the owner.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `"no-access"`. The allowed values and their meaning are:

<pre>
"no-access" - Disallows all access.
"read-only" - Read-only access to the messages.
"consume" - Consume (read and remove) messages.
"modify-topic" - Consume messages or modify the topic/selector.
"delete" - Consume messages, modify the topic/selector or delete the Client created endpoint altogether.
</pre>
- `queue_name_filter` (String) A pattern used to determine which Queues use settings from this Template. Two different wildcards can be used in the pattern: * and &gt;. Similar to topic filters or subscription patterns, a &gt; matches anything (but only when used at the end), and a * matches zero or more characters but never a slash (/). A &gt; is only a wildcard when used at the end, after a /. A * is only allowed at the end, after a slash (/).

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `""`.
- `redelivery_delay_enabled` (Boolean) Enable or disable a message redelivery delay. When false, messages are redelivered as soon as possible.  When true, messages are redelivered according to the initial, max and multiplier.  This should only be enabled when redelivery is enabled.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `false`. Available since SEMP API version 2.33.
- `redelivery_delay_initial_interval` (Number) The delay to be used between the first 2 redelivery attempts.  This value is in milliseconds.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `1000`. Available since SEMP API version 2.33.
- `redelivery_delay_max_interval` (Number) The maximum delay to be used between any 2 redelivery attempts.  This value is in milliseconds.  Due to technical limitations, some redelivery attempt delays may slightly exceed this value.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `64000`. Available since SEMP API version 2.33.
- `redelivery_delay_multiplier` (Number) The amount each delay interval is multiplied by after each failed delivery attempt.  This number is in a fixed-point decimal format in which you must divide by 100 to get the floating point value. For example, a value of 125 would cause the delay to be multiplied by 1.25.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `200`. Available since SEMP API version 2.33.
- `redelivery_enabled` (Boolean) Enable or disable message redelivery. When enabled, the number of redelivery attempts is controlled by max_redelivery_count. When disabled, the message will never be delivered from the queue more than once.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `true`. Available since SEMP API version 2.18.
- `reject_low_priority_msg_enabled` (Boolean) Enable or disable the checking of low priority messages against the `reject_low_priority_msg_limit`. This may only be enabled if `reject_msg_to_sender_on_discard_behavior` does not have a value of `"never"`.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `false`.
- `reject_low_priority_msg_limit` (Number) The number of messages of any priority above which low priority messages are not admitted but higher priority messages are allowed.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `0`.
- `reject_msg_to_sender_on_discard_behavior` (String) Determines when to return negative acknowledgments (NACKs) to sending clients on message discards. Note that NACKs prevent the message from being delivered to any destination and Transacted Session commits to fail.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `"when-queue-enabled"`. The allowed values and their meaning are:

<pre>
"never" - Silently discard messages.
"when-queue-enabled" - NACK each message discard back to the client, except messages that are discarded because an endpoint is administratively disabled.
"always" - NACK each message discard back to the client, including messages that are discarded because an endpoint is administratively disabled.
</pre>
- `respect_msg_priority_enabled` (Boolean) Enable or disable the respecting of message priority. When enabled, messages are delivered in priority order, from 9 (highest) to 0 (lowest).

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `false`.
- `respect_ttl_enabled` (Boolean) Enable or disable the respecting of the time-to-live (TTL) for messages. When enabled, expired messages are discarded or moved to the DMQ.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `false`.

<a id="nestedatt--event_bind_count_threshold"></a>
### Nested Schema for `event_bind_count_threshold`

Read-Only:

- `clear_percent` (Number) The clear threshold for the value of this counter as a percentage of its maximum value. Falling below this value will trigger a corresponding event.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". This attribute may not be returned in a GET. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `60`.
- `clear_value` (Number) The clear threshold for the absolute value of this counter. Falling below this value will trigger a corresponding event.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". This attribute may not be returned in a GET. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default is not applicable.
- `set_percent` (Number) The set threshold for the value of this counter as a percentage of its maximum value. Exceeding this value will trigger a corresponding event.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". This attribute may not be returned in a GET. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `80`.
- `set_value` (Number) The set threshold for the absolute value of this counter. Exceeding this value will trigger a corresponding event.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". This attribute may not be returned in a GET. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default is not applicable.


<a id="nestedatt--event_msg_spool_usage_threshold"></a>
### Nested Schema for `event_msg_spool_usage_threshold`

Read-Only:

- `clear_percent` (Number) The clear threshold for the value of this counter as a percentage of its maximum value. Falling below this value will trigger a corresponding event.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". This attribute may not be returned in a GET. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `18`.
- `clear_value` (Number) The clear threshold for the absolute value of this counter. Falling below this value will trigger a corresponding event.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". This attribute may not be returned in a GET. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default is not applicable.
- `set_percent` (Number) The set threshold for the value of this counter as a percentage of its maximum value. Exceeding this value will trigger a corresponding event.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". This attribute may not be returned in a GET. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `25`.
- `set_value` (Number) The set threshold for the absolute value of this counter. Exceeding this value will trigger a corresponding event.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". This attribute may not be returned in a GET. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default is not applicable.


<a id="nestedatt--event_reject_low_priority_msg_limit_threshold"></a>
### Nested Schema for `event_reject_low_priority_msg_limit_threshold`

Read-Only:

- `clear_percent` (Number) The clear threshold for the value of this counter as a percentage of its maximum value. Falling below this value will trigger a corresponding event.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". This attribute may not be returned in a GET. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `60`.
- `clear_value` (Number) The clear threshold for the absolute value of this counter. Falling below this value will trigger a corresponding event.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". This attribute may not be returned in a GET. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default is not applicable.
- `set_percent` (Number) The set threshold for the value of this counter as a percentage of its maximum value. Exceeding this value will trigger a corresponding event.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". This attribute may not be returned in a GET. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `80`.
- `set_value` (Number) The set threshold for the absolute value of this counter. Exceeding this value will trigger a corresponding event.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". This attribute may not be returned in a GET. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default is not applicable.
