---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "solacebroker_msg_vpn_client_username Data Source - solacebroker"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A client is only authorized to connect to a Message VPN that is associated with a Client Username that the client has been assigned.
  The minimum access scope/level required to perform this operation is "vpn/read-only".
  This has been available since SEMP API version 2.0.
---

# solacebroker_msg_vpn_client_username (Data Source)

A client is only authorized to connect to a Message VPN that is associated with a Client Username that the client has been assigned.



The minimum access scope/level required to perform this operation is "vpn/read-only".

This has been available since SEMP API version 2.0.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `client_username` (String) The name of the Client Username.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only".
- `msg_vpn_name` (String) The name of the Message VPN.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only".

### Read-Only

- `acl_profile_name` (String) The ACL Profile of the Client Username.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as enabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `"default"`.
- `client_profile_name` (String) The Client Profile of the Client Username.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as enabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `"default"`.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable or disable the Client Username. When disabled, all clients currently connected as the Client Username are disconnected.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `false`.
- `guaranteed_endpoint_permission_override_enabled` (Boolean) Enable or disable guaranteed endpoint permission override for the Client Username. When enabled all guaranteed endpoints may be accessed, modified or deleted with the same permission as the owner.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `false`.
- `subscription_manager_enabled` (Boolean) Enable or disable the subscription management capability of the Client Username. This is the ability to manage subscriptions on behalf of other Client Usernames.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `false`.
