---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "solacebroker_msg_vpn_mqtt_session_subscription Data Source - solacebroker"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  An MQTT session contains a client's QoS 0 and QoS 1 subscription sets. On creation, a subscription defaults to QoS 0.
  The minimum access scope/level required to perform this operation is "vpn/read-only".
  This has been available since SEMP API version 2.4.
---

# solacebroker_msg_vpn_mqtt_session_subscription (Data Source)

An MQTT session contains a client's QoS 0 and QoS 1 subscription sets. On creation, a subscription defaults to QoS 0.



The minimum access scope/level required to perform this operation is "vpn/read-only".

This has been available since SEMP API version 2.4.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `mqtt_session_client_id` (String) The Client ID of the MQTT Session, which corresponds to the ClientId provided in the MQTT CONNECT packet.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only".
- `mqtt_session_virtual_router` (String) The virtual router of the MQTT Session.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The allowed values and their meaning are:

<pre>
"primary" - The MQTT Session belongs to the primary virtual router.
"backup" - The MQTT Session belongs to the backup virtual router.
"auto" - The MQTT Session is automatically assigned a virtual router at creation, depending on the broker's active-standby role.
</pre>
- `msg_vpn_name` (String) The name of the Message VPN.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only".
- `subscription_topic` (String) The MQTT subscription topic.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only".

### Read-Only

- `subscription_qos` (Number) The quality of service (QoS) for the subscription as either 0 (deliver at most once) or 1 (deliver at least once). QoS 2 is not supported, but QoS 2 messages attracted by QoS 0 or QoS 1 subscriptions are accepted and delivered accordingly.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `0`.
