---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "solacebroker_msg_vpn_telemetry_profile Data Source - solacebroker"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Using the Telemetry Profile allows trace spans to be generated as messages are processed by the broker. The generated spans are stored persistently on the broker and may be consumed by the Solace receiver component of an OpenTelemetry Collector.
  A SEMP client authorized with a minimum access scope/level of "vpn/read-only" is required to perform this operation.
  This has been available since SEMP API version 2.31.
---

# solacebroker_msg_vpn_telemetry_profile (Data Source)

Using the Telemetry Profile allows trace spans to be generated as messages are processed by the broker. The generated spans are stored persistently on the broker and may be consumed by the Solace receiver component of an OpenTelemetry Collector.



A SEMP client authorized with a minimum access scope/level of "vpn/read-only" is required to perform this operation.

This has been available since SEMP API version 2.31.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `msg_vpn_name` (String) The name of the Message VPN.
- `telemetry_profile_name` (String) The name of the Telemetry Profile.

### Read-Only

- `queue_event_bind_count_threshold` (Attributes) The thresholds for the Queue consumer flows event, relative to `queue_max_bind_count`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--queue_event_bind_count_threshold))
- `queue_event_msg_spool_usage_threshold` (Attributes) The thresholds for the message spool usage event of the Queue, relative to `queue_max_msg_spool_usage`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--queue_event_msg_spool_usage_threshold))
- `queue_max_bind_count` (Number) The maximum number of consumer flows that can bind to the Queue. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `1000`.
- `queue_max_msg_spool_usage` (Number) The maximum message spool usage allowed by the Queue, in megabytes (MB). Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `800000`.
- `receiver_acl_connect_default_action` (String) The default action to take when a receiver client connects to the broker. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `"disallow"`. The allowed values and their meaning are:

<pre>
"allow" - Allow client connection unless an exception is found for it.
"disallow" - Disallow client connection unless an exception is found for it.
</pre>
- `receiver_enabled` (Boolean) Enable or disable the ability for receiver clients to consume from the #telemetry queue. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `false`.
- `receiver_event_connection_count_per_client_username_threshold` (Attributes) The thresholds for the receiver connection count event, relative to `receiver_max_connection_count_per_client_username`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--receiver_event_connection_count_per_client_username_threshold))
- `receiver_max_connection_count_per_client_username` (Number) The maximum number of receiver connections per Client Username. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default is the maximum value supported by the platform.
- `receiver_tcp_congestion_window_size` (Number) The TCP initial congestion window size for clients using the Client Profile, in multiples of the TCP Maximum Segment Size (MSS). Changing the value from its default of 2 results in non-compliance with RFC 2581. Contact support before changing this value. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `2`.
- `receiver_tcp_keepalive_count` (Number) The number of TCP keepalive retransmissions to a client using the Client Profile before declaring that it is not available. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `5`.
- `receiver_tcp_keepalive_idle_time` (Number) The amount of time a client connection using the Client Profile must remain idle before TCP begins sending keepalive probes, in seconds. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `3`.
- `receiver_tcp_keepalive_interval` (Number) The amount of time between TCP keepalive retransmissions to a client using the Client Profile when no acknowledgment is received, in seconds. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `1`.
- `receiver_tcp_max_segment_size` (Number) The TCP maximum segment size for clients using the Client Profile, in bytes. Changes are applied to all existing connections. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `1460`.
- `receiver_tcp_max_window_size` (Number) The TCP maximum window size for clients using the Client Profile, in kilobytes. Changes are applied to all existing connections. This setting is ignored on the software broker. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `256`.
- `trace_enabled` (Boolean) Enable or disable generation of all trace span data messages. When enabled, the state of configured trace filters control which messages get traced. When disabled, trace span data messages are never generated, regardless of the state of trace filters. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `false`.
- `trace_send_span_generation_enabled` (Boolean) Enable or disable generation of send spans. For the most complete view of broker message processing, this should be enabled. If the information provided by send spans are not needed, send spans can be disabled to reduce the performance impact of tracing. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `true`. Available since SEMP API version 2.36.

<a id="nestedatt--queue_event_bind_count_threshold"></a>
### Nested Schema for `queue_event_bind_count_threshold`

Read-Only:

- `clear_percent` (Number) The clear threshold for the value of this counter as a percentage of its maximum value. Falling below this value will trigger a corresponding event. This attribute may not be returned in a GET. The default value is: `60`.
- `clear_value` (Number) The clear threshold for the absolute value of this counter. Falling below this value will trigger a corresponding event. This attribute may not be returned in a GET.
- `set_percent` (Number) The set threshold for the value of this counter as a percentage of its maximum value. Exceeding this value will trigger a corresponding event. This attribute may not be returned in a GET. The default value is: `80`.
- `set_value` (Number) The set threshold for the absolute value of this counter. Exceeding this value will trigger a corresponding event. This attribute may not be returned in a GET.


<a id="nestedatt--queue_event_msg_spool_usage_threshold"></a>
### Nested Schema for `queue_event_msg_spool_usage_threshold`

Read-Only:

- `clear_percent` (Number) The clear threshold for the value of this counter as a percentage of its maximum value. Falling below this value will trigger a corresponding event. This attribute may not be returned in a GET. The default value is: `1`.
- `clear_value` (Number) The clear threshold for the absolute value of this counter. Falling below this value will trigger a corresponding event. This attribute may not be returned in a GET.
- `set_percent` (Number) The set threshold for the value of this counter as a percentage of its maximum value. Exceeding this value will trigger a corresponding event. This attribute may not be returned in a GET. The default value is: `2`.
- `set_value` (Number) The set threshold for the absolute value of this counter. Exceeding this value will trigger a corresponding event. This attribute may not be returned in a GET.


<a id="nestedatt--receiver_event_connection_count_per_client_username_threshold"></a>
### Nested Schema for `receiver_event_connection_count_per_client_username_threshold`

Read-Only:

- `clear_percent` (Number) The clear threshold for the value of this counter as a percentage of its maximum value. Falling below this value will trigger a corresponding event. This attribute may not be returned in a GET. The default value is: `60`.
- `clear_value` (Number) The clear threshold for the absolute value of this counter. Falling below this value will trigger a corresponding event. This attribute may not be returned in a GET.
- `set_percent` (Number) The set threshold for the value of this counter as a percentage of its maximum value. Exceeding this value will trigger a corresponding event. This attribute may not be returned in a GET. The default value is: `80`.
- `set_value` (Number) The set threshold for the absolute value of this counter. Exceeding this value will trigger a corresponding event. This attribute may not be returned in a GET.
