---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "solacebroker_proxy Data Source - solacebroker"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource is not supported in production by Solace in this version, see provider limitations.
  proxy objects define the connection parameters for a proxy server. To use a proxy for a particular connection such as a OAuth Provider, select the proxy by name in the configuration for that object.
  The minimum access scope/level required to perform this operation is "global/read-only".
  This has been available since SEMP API version 2.41.
---

# solacebroker_proxy (Data Source)

> This resource is not supported in production by Solace in this version, see [provider limitations](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/solaceproducts/solacebrokerappliance/latest/docs#limitations).

proxy objects define the connection parameters for a proxy server. To use a proxy for a particular connection such as a OAuth Provider, select the proxy by name in the configuration for that object.



The minimum access scope/level required to perform this operation is "global/read-only".

This has been available since SEMP API version 2.41.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `proxy_name` (String) The name of the proxy.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "global/read-only".

### Read-Only

- `authentication_basic_username` (String) The username to use with basic authentication.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "global/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "global/admin". Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates via config-sync. The default value is `""`.
- `authentication_scheme` (String) The authentication scheme used to connect to the proxy.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "global/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "global/admin". Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates via config-sync. The default value is `"none"`. The allowed values and their meaning are:

<pre>
"none" - No authentication.
"basic" - Username/password authentication.
</pre>
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable or disable the proxy. When disabled, no connections are initiated to this particular proxy.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "global/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "global/admin". Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates via config-sync. The default value is `false`.
- `host` (String) The IP address or host name of the proxy.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "global/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "global/admin". Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates via config-sync. The default value is `""`.
- `port` (Number) The port to connect to on the proxy host.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "global/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "global/admin". Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates via config-sync. The default value is `0`.
- `proxy_type` (String) The type of proxy.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "global/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "global/admin". Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates via config-sync. The default value is `"direct"`. The allowed values and their meaning are:

<pre>
"direct" - Direct connection (no proxy).
"http" - HTTP proxy.
</pre>
