---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "solacebroker_dmr_cluster_link_tls_trusted_common_name Resource - solacebroker"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The Trusted Common Names for the Link are used by encrypted transports to verify the name in the certificate presented by the remote node. They must include the common name of the remote node's server certificate or client certificate, depending upon the initiator of the connection.
  Attribute|Identifying|Write-Only|Deprecated|Opaque
  :---|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:
  dmrclustername|x||x|
  remotenodename|x||x|
  tlstrustedcommon_name|x||x|
  A SEMP client authorized with a minimum access scope/level of "global/read-only" is required to perform this operation.
  This has been deprecated since 2.18. Common Name validation has been replaced by Server Certificate Name validation.
---

# solacebroker_dmr_cluster_link_tls_trusted_common_name (Resource)

The Trusted Common Names for the Link are used by encrypted transports to verify the name in the certificate presented by the remote node. They must include the common name of the remote node's server certificate or client certificate, depending upon the initiator of the connection.


Attribute|Identifying|Write-Only|Deprecated|Opaque
:---|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:
dmr_cluster_name|x||x|
remote_node_name|x||x|
tls_trusted_common_name|x||x|



A SEMP client authorized with a minimum access scope/level of "global/read-only" is required to perform this operation.

This has been deprecated since 2.18. Common Name validation has been replaced by Server Certificate Name validation.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `dmr_cluster_name` (String, Deprecated) The name of the Cluster. Deprecated since 2.18. Common Name validation has been replaced by Server Certificate Name validation.
- `remote_node_name` (String, Deprecated) The name of the node at the remote end of the Link. Deprecated since 2.18. Common Name validation has been replaced by Server Certificate Name validation.
- `tls_trusted_common_name` (String, Deprecated) The expected trusted common name of the remote certificate. Deprecated since 2.18. Common Name validation has been replaced by Server Certificate Name validation.


