---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "solacebroker_dmr_cluster_cert_matching_rule_attribute_filter Resource - solacebroker"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource is not supported in production by Solace in this version, see provider limitations.
  A Cert Matching Rule Attribute Filter compares a link attribute to a string.
  The minimum access scope/level required to perform this operation is "global/read-only".
  This has been available since SEMP API version 2.28.
  The import identifier for this resource is {dmr_cluster_name}/{rule_name}/{filter_name}, where {&lt;attribute&gt;} represents the value of the attribute and it must be URL-encoded.
---

# solacebroker_dmr_cluster_cert_matching_rule_attribute_filter (Resource)

> This resource is not supported in production by Solace in this version, see [provider limitations](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/solaceproducts/solacebrokerappliance/latest/docs#limitations).

A Cert Matching Rule Attribute Filter compares a link attribute to a string.



The minimum access scope/level required to perform this operation is "global/read-only".

This has been available since SEMP API version 2.28.

The import identifier for this resource is `{dmr_cluster_name}/{rule_name}/{filter_name}`, where {&lt;attribute&gt;} represents the value of the attribute and it must be URL-encoded.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `dmr_cluster_name` (String) The name of the Cluster.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "global/read-only".
- `filter_name` (String) The name of the filter.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "global/read-only".
- `rule_name` (String) The name of the rule.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "global/read-only".

### Optional

- `attribute_name` (String) Link Attribute to be tested.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "global/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "global/mesh-manager". Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates via config-sync. The default value is `""`.
- `attribute_value` (String) Expected attribute value.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "global/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "global/mesh-manager". Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates via config-sync. The default value is `""`.
