---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "solacebroker_msg_vpn_rest_delivery_point_rest_consumer_oauth_jwt_claim Resource - solacebroker"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A Claim is added to the JWT sent to the OAuth token request endpoint.
  The minimum access scope/level required to perform this operation is "vpn/read-only".
  This has been available since SEMP API version 2.21.
  The import identifier for this resource is {msg_vpn_name}/{rest_delivery_point_name}/{rest_consumer_name}/{oauth_jwt_claim_name}, where {&lt;attribute&gt;} represents the value of the attribute and it must be URL-encoded.
---

# solacebroker_msg_vpn_rest_delivery_point_rest_consumer_oauth_jwt_claim (Resource)

A Claim is added to the JWT sent to the OAuth token request endpoint.



The minimum access scope/level required to perform this operation is "vpn/read-only".

This has been available since SEMP API version 2.21.

The import identifier for this resource is `{msg_vpn_name}/{rest_delivery_point_name}/{rest_consumer_name}/{oauth_jwt_claim_name}`, where {&lt;attribute&gt;} represents the value of the attribute and it must be URL-encoded.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `msg_vpn_name` (String) The name of the Message VPN.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only".
- `oauth_jwt_claim_name` (String) The name of the additional claim. Cannot be "exp", "iat", or "jti".

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only".
- `oauth_jwt_claim_value` (String) The value of the additional claim, which must be a string containing a valid JSON value.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". Note that this attribute requires replacement of the resource when updated.
- `rest_consumer_name` (String) The name of the REST Consumer.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only".
- `rest_delivery_point_name` (String) The name of the REST Delivery Point.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only".
