---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "solacebroker_msg_vpn_acl_profile_subscribe_topic_exception Resource - solacebroker"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A Subscribe Topic Exception is an exception to the default action to take when a client using the ACL Profile subscribes to a topic in the Message VPN. Exceptions must be expressed as a topic.
  The minimum access scope/level required to perform this operation is "vpn/read-only".
  This has been available since SEMP API version 2.14.
  The import identifier for this resource is {msg_vpn_name}/{acl_profile_name}/{subscribe_topic_exception_syntax}/{subscribe_topic_exception}, where {&lt;attribute&gt;} represents the value of the attribute and it must be URL-encoded.
---

# solacebroker_msg_vpn_acl_profile_subscribe_topic_exception (Resource)

A Subscribe Topic Exception is an exception to the default action to take when a client using the ACL Profile subscribes to a topic in the Message VPN. Exceptions must be expressed as a topic.



The minimum access scope/level required to perform this operation is "vpn/read-only".

This has been available since SEMP API version 2.14.

The import identifier for this resource is `{msg_vpn_name}/{acl_profile_name}/{subscribe_topic_exception_syntax}/{subscribe_topic_exception}`, where {&lt;attribute&gt;} represents the value of the attribute and it must be URL-encoded.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `acl_profile_name` (String) The name of the ACL Profile.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only".
- `msg_vpn_name` (String) The name of the Message VPN.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only".
- `subscribe_topic_exception` (String) The topic for the exception to the default action taken. May include wildcard characters.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only".
- `subscribe_topic_exception_syntax` (String) The syntax of the topic for the exception to the default action taken.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The allowed values and their meaning are:

<pre>
"smf" - Topic uses SMF syntax.
"mqtt" - Topic uses MQTT syntax.
</pre>
