---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "solacebroker_msg_vpn_bridge_tls_trusted_common_name Resource - solacebroker"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The Trusted Common Names for the Bridge are used by encrypted transports to verify the name in the certificate presented by the remote node. They must include the common name of the remote node's server certificate or client certificate, depending upon the initiator of the connection.
  Attribute|Identifying|Write-Only|Deprecated|Opaque
  :---|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:
  bridgename|x||x|
  bridgevirtualrouter|x||x|
  msgvpnname|x||x|
  tlstrustedcommonname|x||x|
  A SEMP client authorized with a minimum access scope/level of "vpn/read-only" is required to perform this operation.
  This has been deprecated since 2.18. Common Name validation has been replaced by Server Certificate Name validation.
---

# solacebroker_msg_vpn_bridge_tls_trusted_common_name (Resource)

The Trusted Common Names for the Bridge are used by encrypted transports to verify the name in the certificate presented by the remote node. They must include the common name of the remote node's server certificate or client certificate, depending upon the initiator of the connection.


Attribute|Identifying|Write-Only|Deprecated|Opaque
:---|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:
bridge_name|x||x|
bridge_virtual_router|x||x|
msg_vpn_name|x||x|
tls_trusted_common_name|x||x|



A SEMP client authorized with a minimum access scope/level of "vpn/read-only" is required to perform this operation.

This has been deprecated since 2.18. Common Name validation has been replaced by Server Certificate Name validation.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `bridge_name` (String, Deprecated) The name of the Bridge. Deprecated since 2.18. Common Name validation has been replaced by Server Certificate Name validation.
- `bridge_virtual_router` (String, Deprecated) The virtual router of the Bridge. The allowed values and their meaning are:

<pre>
"primary" - The Bridge is used for the primary virtual router.
"backup" - The Bridge is used for the backup virtual router.
"auto" - The Bridge is automatically assigned a virtual router at creation, depending on the broker's active-standby role.
</pre>
 Deprecated since 2.18. Common Name validation has been replaced by Server Certificate Name validation.
- `msg_vpn_name` (String, Deprecated) The name of the Message VPN. Deprecated since 2.18. Common Name validation has been replaced by Server Certificate Name validation.
- `tls_trusted_common_name` (String, Deprecated) The expected trusted common name of the remote certificate. Deprecated since 2.18. Common Name validation has been replaced by Server Certificate Name validation.


