---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "solacebroker_msg_vpn_proxy Resource - solacebroker"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  proxy objects define the connection parameters for a proxy server. To use a proxy for a particular connection such as a REST Consumer, select the proxy by name in the configuration for that object.
  A SEMP client authorized with a minimum access scope/level of "vpn/read-only" is required to perform this operation.
  This has been available since SEMP API version 2.36.
  The import identifier for this resource is {msg_vpn_name}/{proxy_name}, where {&lt;attribute&gt;} represents the value of the attribute and it must be URL-encoded.
---

# solacebroker_msg_vpn_proxy (Resource)

proxy objects define the connection parameters for a proxy server. To use a proxy for a particular connection such as a REST Consumer, select the proxy by name in the configuration for that object.



A SEMP client authorized with a minimum access scope/level of "vpn/read-only" is required to perform this operation.

This has been available since SEMP API version 2.36.

The import identifier for this resource is `{msg_vpn_name}/{proxy_name}`, where {&lt;attribute&gt;} represents the value of the attribute and it must be URL-encoded.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `msg_vpn_name` (String) The name of the Message VPN.
- `proxy_name` (String) The name of the proxy.

### Optional

- `authentication_basic_password` (String, Sensitive) The password to use with basic authentication. This attribute is absent from a GET and not updated when absent in a PUT, subject to the exceptions in note 4 (refer to the `Notes` section in the SEMP API `Config reference`). Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates via config-sync. The default value is `""`.
- `authentication_basic_username` (String) The username to use with basic authentication. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates via config-sync. The default value is `""`.
- `authentication_scheme` (String) The authentication scheme used to connect to the proxy. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates via config-sync. The default value is `"none"`. The allowed values and their meaning are:

<pre>
"none" - No authentication.
"basic" - Username/password authentication.
</pre>
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable or disable the proxy. When disabled, no connections are initiated to this particular proxy. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates via config-sync. The default value is `false`.
- `host` (String) The IP address or host name of the proxy. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates via config-sync. The default value is `""`.
- `port` (Number) The port to connect to on the proxy host. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates via config-sync. The default value is `0`.
- `proxy_type` (String) The type of proxy. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates via config-sync. The default value is `"direct"`. The allowed values and their meaning are:

<pre>
"direct" - Direct connection (no proxy).
"http" - HTTP proxy.
</pre>
