---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "solacebroker_msg_vpn_acl_profile Resource - solacebroker"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  An ACL Profile controls whether an authenticated client is permitted to establish a connection with the message broker or permitted to publish and subscribe to specific topics.
  A SEMP client authorized with a minimum access scope/level of "vpn/read-only" is required to perform this operation.
  This has been available since SEMP API version 2.0.
  The import identifier for this resource is {msg_vpn_name}/{acl_profile_name}, where {&lt;attribute&gt;} represents the value of the attribute and it must be URL-encoded.
---

# solacebroker_msg_vpn_acl_profile (Resource)

An ACL Profile controls whether an authenticated client is permitted to establish a connection with the message broker or permitted to publish and subscribe to specific topics.



A SEMP client authorized with a minimum access scope/level of "vpn/read-only" is required to perform this operation.

This has been available since SEMP API version 2.0.

The import identifier for this resource is `{msg_vpn_name}/{acl_profile_name}`, where {&lt;attribute&gt;} represents the value of the attribute and it must be URL-encoded.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `acl_profile_name` (String) The name of the ACL Profile.
- `msg_vpn_name` (String) The name of the Message VPN.

### Optional

- `client_connect_default_action` (String) The default action to take when a client using the ACL Profile connects to the Message VPN. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `"disallow"`. The allowed values and their meaning are:

<pre>
"allow" - Allow client connection unless an exception is found for it.
"disallow" - Disallow client connection unless an exception is found for it.
</pre>
- `publish_topic_default_action` (String) The default action to take when a client using the ACL Profile publishes to a topic in the Message VPN. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `"disallow"`. The allowed values and their meaning are:

<pre>
"allow" - Allow topic unless an exception is found for it.
"disallow" - Disallow topic unless an exception is found for it.
</pre>
- `subscribe_share_name_default_action` (String) The default action to take when a client using the ACL Profile subscribes to a share-name subscription in the Message VPN. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `"allow"`. The allowed values and their meaning are:

<pre>
"allow" - Allow topic unless an exception is found for it.
"disallow" - Disallow topic unless an exception is found for it.
</pre>
 Available since SEMP API version 2.14.
- `subscribe_topic_default_action` (String) The default action to take when a client using the ACL Profile subscribes to a topic in the Message VPN. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `"disallow"`. The allowed values and their meaning are:

<pre>
"allow" - Allow topic unless an exception is found for it.
"disallow" - Disallow topic unless an exception is found for it.
</pre>
