---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "solacebroker_msg_vpn_dmr_bridge Resource - solacebroker"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A DMR Bridge is required to establish a data channel over a corresponding external link to the remote node for a given Message VPN. Each DMR Bridge identifies which external link the Message VPN should use, and what the name of the equivalent Message VPN at the remote node is.
  The minimum access scope/level required to perform this operation is "vpn/read-only".
  This has been available since SEMP API version 2.11.
  The import identifier for this resource is {msg_vpn_name}/{remote_node_name}, where {&lt;attribute&gt;} represents the value of the attribute and it must be URL-encoded.
---

# solacebroker_msg_vpn_dmr_bridge (Resource)

A DMR Bridge is required to establish a data channel over a corresponding external link to the remote node for a given Message VPN. Each DMR Bridge identifies which external link the Message VPN should use, and what the name of the equivalent Message VPN at the remote node is.



The minimum access scope/level required to perform this operation is "vpn/read-only".

This has been available since SEMP API version 2.11.

The import identifier for this resource is `{msg_vpn_name}/{remote_node_name}`, where {&lt;attribute&gt;} represents the value of the attribute and it must be URL-encoded.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `msg_vpn_name` (String) The name of the Message VPN.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only".
- `remote_node_name` (String) The name of the node at the remote end of the DMR Bridge.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only".

### Optional

- `remote_msg_vpn_name` (String) The remote Message VPN of the DMR Bridge.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "global/mesh-manager". Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `""`.
