---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "solacebroker_msg_vpn_rest_delivery_point Resource - solacebroker"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A REST Delivery Point manages delivery of messages from queues to a named list of REST Consumers.
  The minimum access scope/level required to perform this operation is "vpn/read-only".
  This has been available since SEMP API version 2.0.
  The import identifier for this resource is {msg_vpn_name}/{rest_delivery_point_name}, where {&lt;attribute&gt;} represents the value of the attribute and it must be URL-encoded.
---

# solacebroker_msg_vpn_rest_delivery_point (Resource)

A REST Delivery Point manages delivery of messages from queues to a named list of REST Consumers.



The minimum access scope/level required to perform this operation is "vpn/read-only".

This has been available since SEMP API version 2.0.

The import identifier for this resource is `{msg_vpn_name}/{rest_delivery_point_name}`, where {&lt;attribute&gt;} represents the value of the attribute and it must be URL-encoded.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `msg_vpn_name` (String) The name of the Message VPN.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only".
- `rest_delivery_point_name` (String) The name of the REST Delivery Point.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only".

### Optional

- `client_profile_name` (String) The Client Profile of the REST Delivery Point. It must exist in the local Message VPN. Its TCP parameters are used for all REST Consumers in this RDP. Its queue properties are used by the RDP client. The Client Profile is used inside the auto-generated Client Username for this RDP.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as enabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `"default"`.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable or disable the REST Delivery Point. When disabled, no connections are initiated or messages delivered to any of the contained REST Consumers.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `false`.
- `service` (String) The name of the service that this REST Delivery Point connects to. Internally the broker does not use this value; it is informational only.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `""`. Available since SEMP API version 2.19.
- `vendor` (String) The name of the vendor that this REST Delivery Point connects to. Internally the broker does not use this value; it is informational only.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `""`. Available since SEMP API version 2.19.
