---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "solacebroker_msg_vpn_telemetry_profile_trace_filter_subscription Resource - solacebroker"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Trace filter subscriptions control which messages will be attracted by the tracing filter.
  A SEMP client authorized with a minimum access scope/level of "vpn/read-only" is required to perform this operation.
  This has been available since SEMP API version 2.31.
  The import identifier for this resource is {msg_vpn_name}/{telemetry_profile_name}/{trace_filter_name}/{subscription}/{subscription_syntax}, where {&lt;attribute&gt;} represents the value of the attribute and it must be URL-encoded.
---

# solacebroker_msg_vpn_telemetry_profile_trace_filter_subscription (Resource)

Trace filter subscriptions control which messages will be attracted by the tracing filter.



A SEMP client authorized with a minimum access scope/level of "vpn/read-only" is required to perform this operation.

This has been available since SEMP API version 2.31.

The import identifier for this resource is `{msg_vpn_name}/{telemetry_profile_name}/{trace_filter_name}/{subscription}/{subscription_syntax}`, where {&lt;attribute&gt;} represents the value of the attribute and it must be URL-encoded.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `msg_vpn_name` (String) The name of the Message VPN.
- `subscription` (String) Messages matching this subscription will follow this filter's configuration.
- `subscription_syntax` (String) The syntax of the trace filter subscription. The allowed values and their meaning are:

<pre>
"smf" - Subscription uses SMF syntax.
"mqtt" - Subscription uses MQTT syntax.
</pre>
- `telemetry_profile_name` (String) The name of the Telemetry Profile.
- `trace_filter_name` (String) A name used to identify the trace filter. Consider a name that describes the subscriptions contained within the filter, such as the name of the application and/or the scenario in which the trace filter might be enabled, such as "appNameDebug".
