---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "solacebroker_msg_vpn_rest_delivery_point_queue_binding_protected_request_header Resource - solacebroker"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A protected request header to be added to the HTTP request. Unlike a non-protected request header, the header value cannot be displayed after it is set.
  The minimum access scope/level required to perform this operation is "vpn/read-only".
  This has been available since SEMP API version 2.30.
  The import identifier for this resource is {msg_vpn_name}/{rest_delivery_point_name}/{queue_binding_name}/{header_name}, where {&lt;attribute&gt;} represents the value of the attribute and it must be URL-encoded.
---

# solacebroker_msg_vpn_rest_delivery_point_queue_binding_protected_request_header (Resource)

A protected request header to be added to the HTTP request. Unlike a non-protected request header, the header value cannot be displayed after it is set.



The minimum access scope/level required to perform this operation is "vpn/read-only".

This has been available since SEMP API version 2.30.

The import identifier for this resource is `{msg_vpn_name}/{rest_delivery_point_name}/{queue_binding_name}/{header_name}`, where {&lt;attribute&gt;} represents the value of the attribute and it must be URL-encoded.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `header_name` (String) The name of the protected HTTP request header.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only".
- `msg_vpn_name` (String) The name of the Message VPN.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only".
- `queue_binding_name` (String) The name of a queue in the Message VPN.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only".
- `rest_delivery_point_name` (String) The name of the REST Delivery Point.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only".

### Optional

- `header_value` (String, Sensitive) The value of the protected HTTP request header. Unlike a non-protected request header, this value cannot be displayed after it is set, and does not support substitution expressions.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". This attribute is absent from a GET and not updated when absent in a PUT, subject to the exceptions [here](https://docs.solace.com/Admin/SEMP/SEMP-API-Archit.htm#HTTP_Methods). Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `""`.
