---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "solacebroker_msg_vpn_bridge Resource - solacebroker"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Bridges can be used to link two Message VPNs so that messages published to one Message VPN that match the topic subscriptions set for the bridge are also delivered to the linked Message VPN.
  A SEMP client authorized with a minimum access scope/level of "vpn/read-only" is required to perform this operation.
  This has been available since SEMP API version 2.0.
  The import identifier for this resource is {msg_vpn_name}/{bridge_name}/{bridge_virtual_router}, where {&lt;attribute&gt;} represents the value of the attribute and it must be URL-encoded.
---

# solacebroker_msg_vpn_bridge (Resource)

Bridges can be used to link two Message VPNs so that messages published to one Message VPN that match the topic subscriptions set for the bridge are also delivered to the linked Message VPN.



A SEMP client authorized with a minimum access scope/level of "vpn/read-only" is required to perform this operation.

This has been available since SEMP API version 2.0.

The import identifier for this resource is `{msg_vpn_name}/{bridge_name}/{bridge_virtual_router}`, where {&lt;attribute&gt;} represents the value of the attribute and it must be URL-encoded.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `bridge_name` (String) The name of the Bridge.
- `bridge_virtual_router` (String) The virtual router of the Bridge. The allowed values and their meaning are:

<pre>
"primary" - The Bridge is used for the primary virtual router.
"backup" - The Bridge is used for the backup virtual router.
"auto" - The Bridge is automatically assigned a virtual router at creation, depending on the broker's active-standby role.
</pre>
- `msg_vpn_name` (String) The name of the Message VPN.

### Optional

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable or disable the Bridge. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `false`.
- `max_ttl` (Number) The maximum time-to-live (TTL) in hops. Messages are discarded if their TTL exceeds this value. Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as enabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `8`.
- `remote_authentication_basic_client_username` (String) The Client Username the Bridge uses to login to the remote Message VPN. Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as enabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `""`.
- `remote_authentication_basic_password` (String, Sensitive) The password for the Client Username. This attribute is absent from a GET and not updated when absent in a PUT, subject to the exceptions in note 4 (refer to the `Notes` section in the SEMP API `Config reference`). Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as enabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `""`.
- `remote_authentication_client_cert_content` (String, Sensitive) The PEM formatted content for the client certificate used by the Bridge to login to the remote Message VPN. It must consist of a private key and between one and three certificates comprising the certificate trust chain. This attribute is absent from a GET and not updated when absent in a PUT, subject to the exceptions in note 4 (refer to the `Notes` section in the SEMP API `Config reference`). Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as enabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. The default value is `""`. Available since SEMP API version 2.9.
- `remote_authentication_client_cert_password` (String, Sensitive) The password for the client certificate. This attribute is absent from a GET and not updated when absent in a PUT, subject to the exceptions in note 4 (refer to the `Notes` section in the SEMP API `Config reference`). Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as enabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. The default value is `""`. Available since SEMP API version 2.9.
- `remote_authentication_scheme` (String) The authentication scheme for the remote Message VPN. Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as enabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `"basic"`. The allowed values and their meaning are:

<pre>
"basic" - Basic Authentication Scheme (via username and password).
"client-certificate" - Client Certificate Authentication Scheme (via certificate file or content).
</pre>
- `remote_connection_retry_count` (Number) The number of retry attempts to establish a connection before moving on to the next remote Message VPN. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `0`.
- `remote_connection_retry_delay` (Number) The number of seconds the broker waits for the bridge connection to be established before attempting a new connection. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `3`.
- `remote_deliver_to_one_priority` (String) The priority for deliver-to-one (DTO) messages transmitted from the remote Message VPN. Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as enabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `"p1"`. The allowed values and their meaning are:

<pre>
"p1" - The 1st or highest priority.
"p2" - The 2nd highest priority.
"p3" - The 3rd highest priority.
"p4" - The 4th highest priority.
"da" - Ignore priority and deliver always.
</pre>
- `tls_cipher_suite_list` (String) The colon-separated list of cipher suites supported for TLS connections to the remote Message VPN. The value "default" implies all supported suites ordered from most secure to least secure. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `"default"`.
