---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "solacebroker_msg_vpn_mqtt_session_subscription Resource - solacebroker"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  An MQTT session contains a client's QoS 0 and QoS 1 subscription sets. On creation, a subscription defaults to QoS 0.
  A SEMP client authorized with a minimum access scope/level of "vpn/read-only" is required to perform this operation.
  This has been available since SEMP API version 2.4.
  The import identifier for this resource is {msg_vpn_name}/{mqtt_session_client_id}/{mqtt_session_virtual_router}/{subscription_topic}, where {&lt;attribute&gt;} represents the value of the attribute and it must be URL-encoded.
---

# solacebroker_msg_vpn_mqtt_session_subscription (Resource)

An MQTT session contains a client's QoS 0 and QoS 1 subscription sets. On creation, a subscription defaults to QoS 0.



A SEMP client authorized with a minimum access scope/level of "vpn/read-only" is required to perform this operation.

This has been available since SEMP API version 2.4.

The import identifier for this resource is `{msg_vpn_name}/{mqtt_session_client_id}/{mqtt_session_virtual_router}/{subscription_topic}`, where {&lt;attribute&gt;} represents the value of the attribute and it must be URL-encoded.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `mqtt_session_client_id` (String) The Client ID of the MQTT Session, which corresponds to the ClientId provided in the MQTT CONNECT packet.
- `mqtt_session_virtual_router` (String) The virtual router of the MQTT Session. The allowed values and their meaning are:

<pre>
"primary" - The MQTT Session belongs to the primary virtual router.
"backup" - The MQTT Session belongs to the backup virtual router.
"auto" - The MQTT Session is automatically assigned a virtual router at creation, depending on the broker's active-standby role.
</pre>
- `msg_vpn_name` (String) The name of the Message VPN.
- `subscription_topic` (String) The MQTT subscription topic.

### Optional

- `subscription_qos` (Number) The quality of service (QoS) for the subscription as either 0 (deliver at most once) or 1 (deliver at least once). QoS 2 is not supported, but QoS 2 messages attracted by QoS 0 or QoS 1 subscriptions are accepted and delivered accordingly. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `0`.
