---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "solacebroker_msg_vpn_authorization_group Resource - solacebroker"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  To use client authorization groups configured on an external server to provide client authorizations, Authorization Group objects must be created on the Message VPN that match the authorization groups provisioned on the external server. These objects must be configured with the client profiles and ACL profiles that will be assigned to the clients that belong to those authorization groups. A newly created group is placed at the end of the group list which is the lowest priority.
  The minimum access scope/level required to perform this operation is "vpn/read-only".
  This has been available since SEMP API version 2.0.
  The import identifier for this resource is {msg_vpn_name}/{authorization_group_name}, where {&lt;attribute&gt;} represents the value of the attribute and it must be URL-encoded.
---

# solacebroker_msg_vpn_authorization_group (Resource)

To use client authorization groups configured on an external server to provide client authorizations, Authorization Group objects must be created on the Message VPN that match the authorization groups provisioned on the external server. These objects must be configured with the client profiles and ACL profiles that will be assigned to the clients that belong to those authorization groups. A newly created group is placed at the end of the group list which is the lowest priority.



The minimum access scope/level required to perform this operation is "vpn/read-only".

This has been available since SEMP API version 2.0.

The import identifier for this resource is `{msg_vpn_name}/{authorization_group_name}`, where {&lt;attribute&gt;} represents the value of the attribute and it must be URL-encoded.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `authorization_group_name` (String) The name of the Authorization Group. For LDAP groups, special care is needed if the group name contains special characters such as '#', '+', ';', '=' as the value of the group name returned from the LDAP server might prepend those characters with '\'. For example a group name called 'test#,lab,com' will be returned from the LDAP server as 'test\#,lab,com'.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only".
- `msg_vpn_name` (String) The name of the Message VPN.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only".

### Optional

- `acl_profile_name` (String) The ACL Profile of the Authorization Group.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as enabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `"default"`.
- `client_profile_name` (String) The Client Profile of the Authorization Group.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as enabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `"default"`.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable or disable the Authorization Group in the Message VPN.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `false`.
- `order_after_authorization_group_name` (String, Sensitive) Lower the priority to be less than this group.

The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". This attribute is absent from a GET and not updated when absent in a PUT, subject to the exceptions [here](https://docs.solace.com/Admin/SEMP/SEMP-API-Archit.htm#HTTP_Methods). Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default is not applicable.
- `order_before_authorization_group_name` (String, Sensitive) Raise the priority to be greater than this group.

The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". This attribute is absent from a GET and not updated when absent in a PUT, subject to the exceptions [here](https://docs.solace.com/Admin/SEMP/SEMP-API-Archit.htm#HTTP_Methods). Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default is not applicable.
