---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "solacebroker_msg_vpn_telemetry_profile_trace_filter Resource - solacebroker"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A Trace Filter controls which messages received by the broker will be traced. If an incoming message matches an enabled tracing filter's subscription, the message will be traced as it passes through the broker.
  A SEMP client authorized with a minimum access scope/level of "vpn/read-only" is required to perform this operation.
  This has been available since SEMP API version 2.31.
  The import identifier for this resource is {msg_vpn_name}/{telemetry_profile_name}/{trace_filter_name}, where {&lt;attribute&gt;} represents the value of the attribute and it must be URL-encoded.
---

# solacebroker_msg_vpn_telemetry_profile_trace_filter (Resource)

A Trace Filter controls which messages received by the broker will be traced. If an incoming message matches an enabled tracing filter's subscription, the message will be traced as it passes through the broker.



A SEMP client authorized with a minimum access scope/level of "vpn/read-only" is required to perform this operation.

This has been available since SEMP API version 2.31.

The import identifier for this resource is `{msg_vpn_name}/{telemetry_profile_name}/{trace_filter_name}`, where {&lt;attribute&gt;} represents the value of the attribute and it must be URL-encoded.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `msg_vpn_name` (String) The name of the Message VPN.
- `telemetry_profile_name` (String) The name of the Telemetry Profile.
- `trace_filter_name` (String) A name used to identify the trace filter. Consider a name that describes the subscriptions contained within the filter, such as the name of the application and/or the scenario in which the trace filter might be enabled, such as "appNameDebug".

### Optional

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable or disable the trace filter. When the filter is disabled, the filter's subscriptions will not trigger a message to be traced. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `false`.
