---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "solacebroker_msg_vpn_mqtt_retain_cache Resource - solacebroker"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Using MQTT retained messages allows publishing MQTT clients to indicate that a message must be stored for later delivery to subscribing clients when those subscribing clients add subscriptions matching the retained message's topic. An MQTT Retain Cache processes all retained messages for a Message VPN.
  A SEMP client authorized with a minimum access scope/level of "vpn/read-only" is required to perform this operation.
  This has been available since SEMP API version 2.11.
  The import identifier for this resource is {msg_vpn_name}/{cache_name}, where {&lt;attribute&gt;} represents the value of the attribute and it must be URL-encoded.
---

# solacebroker_msg_vpn_mqtt_retain_cache (Resource)

Using MQTT retained messages allows publishing MQTT clients to indicate that a message must be stored for later delivery to subscribing clients when those subscribing clients add subscriptions matching the retained message's topic. An MQTT Retain Cache processes all retained messages for a Message VPN.



A SEMP client authorized with a minimum access scope/level of "vpn/read-only" is required to perform this operation.

This has been available since SEMP API version 2.11.

The import identifier for this resource is `{msg_vpn_name}/{cache_name}`, where {&lt;attribute&gt;} represents the value of the attribute and it must be URL-encoded.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cache_name` (String) The name of the MQTT Retain Cache.
- `msg_vpn_name` (String) The name of the Message VPN.

### Optional

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable or disable this MQTT Retain Cache. When the cache is disabled, neither retain messages nor retain requests will be delivered by the cache. However, live retain messages will continue to be delivered to currently connected MQTT clients. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `false`.
- `msg_lifetime` (Number) The message lifetime, in seconds. If a message remains cached for the duration of its lifetime, the cache will remove the message. A lifetime of 0 results in the message being retained indefinitely, otherwise it must be 3 seconds or more. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `0`.
