---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "solacebroker_msg_vpn_rest_delivery_point_rest_consumer_tls_trusted_common_name Resource - solacebroker"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The Trusted Common Names for the REST Consumer are used by encrypted transports to verify the name in the certificate presented by the remote REST consumer. They must include the common name of the remote REST consumer's server certificate.
  Attribute|Identifying|Write-Only|Deprecated|Opaque
  :---|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:
  msgvpnname|x||x|
  restconsumername|x||x|
  restdeliverypointname|x||x|
  tlstrustedcommonname|x||x|
  A SEMP client authorized with a minimum access scope/level of "vpn/read-only" is required to perform this operation.
  This has been deprecated since 2.17. Common Name validation has been replaced by Server Certificate Name validation.
---

# solacebroker_msg_vpn_rest_delivery_point_rest_consumer_tls_trusted_common_name (Resource)

The Trusted Common Names for the REST Consumer are used by encrypted transports to verify the name in the certificate presented by the remote REST consumer. They must include the common name of the remote REST consumer's server certificate.


Attribute|Identifying|Write-Only|Deprecated|Opaque
:---|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:
msg_vpn_name|x||x|
rest_consumer_name|x||x|
rest_delivery_point_name|x||x|
tls_trusted_common_name|x||x|



A SEMP client authorized with a minimum access scope/level of "vpn/read-only" is required to perform this operation.

This has been deprecated since 2.17. Common Name validation has been replaced by Server Certificate Name validation.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `msg_vpn_name` (String, Deprecated) The name of the Message VPN. Deprecated since 2.17. Common Name validation has been replaced by Server Certificate Name validation.
- `rest_consumer_name` (String, Deprecated) The name of the REST Consumer. Deprecated since 2.17. Common Name validation has been replaced by Server Certificate Name validation.
- `rest_delivery_point_name` (String, Deprecated) The name of the REST Delivery Point. Deprecated since 2.17. Common Name validation has been replaced by Server Certificate Name validation.
- `tls_trusted_common_name` (String, Deprecated) The expected trusted common name of the remote certificate. Deprecated since 2.17. Common Name validation has been replaced by Server Certificate Name validation.


