---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "solacebroker_msg_vpn_bridge_remote_subscription Resource - solacebroker"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A Remote Subscription is a topic subscription used by the Message VPN Bridge to attract messages from the remote message broker.
  The minimum access scope/level required to perform this operation is "vpn/read-only".
  This has been available since SEMP API version 2.0.
  The import identifier for this resource is {msg_vpn_name}/{bridge_name}/{bridge_virtual_router}/{remote_subscription_topic}, where {&lt;attribute&gt;} represents the value of the attribute and it must be URL-encoded.
---

# solacebroker_msg_vpn_bridge_remote_subscription (Resource)

A Remote Subscription is a topic subscription used by the Message VPN Bridge to attract messages from the remote message broker.



The minimum access scope/level required to perform this operation is "vpn/read-only".

This has been available since SEMP API version 2.0.

The import identifier for this resource is `{msg_vpn_name}/{bridge_name}/{bridge_virtual_router}/{remote_subscription_topic}`, where {&lt;attribute&gt;} represents the value of the attribute and it must be URL-encoded.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `bridge_name` (String) The name of the Bridge.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only".
- `bridge_virtual_router` (String) The virtual router of the Bridge.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The allowed values and their meaning are:

<pre>
"primary" - The Bridge is used for the primary virtual router.
"backup" - The Bridge is used for the backup virtual router.
"auto" - The Bridge is automatically assigned a virtual router at creation, depending on the broker's active-standby role.
</pre>
- `deliver_always_enabled` (Boolean) Enable or disable deliver-always for the Bridge remote subscription topic instead of a deliver-to-one remote priority. A given topic for the Bridge may be deliver-to-one or deliver-always but not both.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". Note that this attribute requires replacement of the resource when updated.
- `msg_vpn_name` (String) The name of the Message VPN.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only".
- `remote_subscription_topic` (String) The topic of the Bridge remote subscription.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only".
