---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "solacebroker_msg_vpn_replicated_topic Resource - solacebroker"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  To indicate which messages should be replicated between the active and standby site, a Replicated Topic subscription must be configured on a Message VPN. If a published message matches both a replicated topic and an endpoint on the active site, then the message is replicated to the standby site.
  The minimum access scope/level required to perform this operation is "vpn/read-only".
  This has been available since SEMP API version 2.4.
  The import identifier for this resource is {msg_vpn_name}/{replicated_topic}, where {&lt;attribute&gt;} represents the value of the attribute and it must be URL-encoded.
---

# solacebroker_msg_vpn_replicated_topic (Resource)

To indicate which messages should be replicated between the active and standby site, a Replicated Topic subscription must be configured on a Message VPN. If a published message matches both a replicated topic and an endpoint on the active site, then the message is replicated to the standby site.



The minimum access scope/level required to perform this operation is "vpn/read-only".

This has been available since SEMP API version 2.4.

The import identifier for this resource is `{msg_vpn_name}/{replicated_topic}`, where {&lt;attribute&gt;} represents the value of the attribute and it must be URL-encoded.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `msg_vpn_name` (String) The name of the Message VPN.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only".
- `replicated_topic` (String) The topic for applying replication. Published messages matching this topic will be replicated to the standby site.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only".

### Optional

- `replication_mode` (String) The replication mode for the Replicated Topic.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `"async"`. The allowed values and their meaning are:

<pre>
"sync" - Messages are acknowledged when replicated (spooled remotely).
"async" - Messages are acknowledged when pending replication (spooled locally).
</pre>
