---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "solacebroker_oauth_profile_access_level_group Resource - solacebroker"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource is not supported in production by Solace in this version, see provider limitations.
  The name of a group as it exists on the OAuth server being used to authenticate SEMP users.
  The minimum access scope/level required to perform this operation is "global/read-only".
  This has been available since SEMP API version 2.24.
  The import identifier for this resource is {oauth_profile_name}/{group_name}, where {&lt;attribute&gt;} represents the value of the attribute and it must be URL-encoded.
---

# solacebroker_oauth_profile_access_level_group (Resource)

> This resource is not supported in production by Solace in this version, see [provider limitations](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/solaceproducts/solacebrokerappliance/latest/docs#limitations).

The name of a group as it exists on the OAuth server being used to authenticate SEMP users.



The minimum access scope/level required to perform this operation is "global/read-only".

This has been available since SEMP API version 2.24.

The import identifier for this resource is `{oauth_profile_name}/{group_name}`, where {&lt;attribute&gt;} represents the value of the attribute and it must be URL-encoded.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `group_name` (String) The name of the group.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "global/read-only".
- `oauth_profile_name` (String) The name of the OAuth profile.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "global/read-only".

### Optional

- `description` (String) A description for the group.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "global/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "global/read-write". Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates via config-sync. The default value is `""`.
- `global_access_level` (String) The global access level for this group.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "global/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "global/admin". Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates via config-sync. The default value is `"none"`. The allowed values and their meaning are:

<pre>
"none" - User has no access to global data.
"read-only" - User has read-only access to global data.
"mesh-manager" - User has read-write access to global data required to administer this broker as a member of a mesh of brokers.
"read-write" - User has read-write access to most global data.
"admin" - User has read-write access to all global data.
</pre>
- `msg_vpn_access_level` (String) The default message VPN access level for this group.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "global/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "global/read-write". Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates via config-sync. The default value is `"none"`. The allowed values and their meaning are:

<pre>
"none" - User has no access to a Message VPN.
"read-only" - User has read-only access to a Message VPN.
"read-write" - User has read-write access to most Message VPN settings.
</pre>
