---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "solacebroker_virtual_hostname Resource - solacebroker"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource is not supported in production by Solace in this version, see provider limitations.
  A Virtual Hostname is a provisioned object on a message broker that contains a Virtual Hostname to Message VPN mapping.
  Clients which connect to a global (as opposed to per Message VPN) port and provides this hostname will be directed to its corresponding Message VPN. A case-insentive match is performed on the full client-provided hostname against the configured virtual-hostname.
  This mechanism is only supported for hostnames provided through the Server Name Indication (SNI) extension of TLS.
  The minimum access scope/level required to perform this operation is "global/read-only".
  This has been available since SEMP API version 2.17.
  The import identifier for this resource is {virtual_hostname}, where {&lt;attribute&gt;} represents the value of the attribute and it must be URL-encoded.
---

# solacebroker_virtual_hostname (Resource)

> This resource is not supported in production by Solace in this version, see [provider limitations](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/solaceproducts/solacebrokerappliance/latest/docs#limitations).

A Virtual Hostname is a provisioned object on a message broker that contains a Virtual Hostname to Message VPN mapping.

Clients which connect to a global (as opposed to per Message VPN) port and provides this hostname will be directed to its corresponding Message VPN. A case-insentive match is performed on the full client-provided hostname against the configured virtual-hostname.

This mechanism is only supported for hostnames provided through the Server Name Indication (SNI) extension of TLS.



The minimum access scope/level required to perform this operation is "global/read-only".

This has been available since SEMP API version 2.17.

The import identifier for this resource is `{virtual_hostname}`, where {&lt;attribute&gt;} represents the value of the attribute and it must be URL-encoded.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `virtual_hostname` (String) The virtual hostname.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "global/read-only".

### Optional

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable or disable Virtual Hostname to Message VPN mapping.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "global/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "global/read-write". Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates via config-sync. The default value is `false`.
- `msg_vpn_name` (String) The message VPN to which this virtual hostname is mapped.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "global/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "global/read-write". Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates via config-sync. The default value is `""`.
